I can't believe that in half an hour I
will be a part of the the Domus scheming
dynasty Empire Dominion we prefer
dominions yeah I honestly can't wait to
be a part of your family there's just
one more thing and then you are
officially part of the family so at
midnight get to play game why it's just
something we do when someone new joins
the family a game what game I didn't
seek are you really gonna play that Wow
the rules are simple you can hide
anywhere we then trying to find you so
there's no way for me to win right and
stay hidden don't no no no thank you
good luck
[Music]
what the hell is this how old is this
thing I know you're in here sweetheart
you shot the maid she look like she's
wearing a giant white wedding dress
Emily scene I had to play off so that I
can get you out
they think that decay before sunrise
something very bad will happen to the
family if we don't find her and perform
the ritual we're all dead
found her
and today's video is called getting to
know your crossbow I forgot my good why
don't you just use mine
that's real Adamas I just saw her
running just another sacrifice
yes I didn't see where to get married I
don't know
[Music]
you are an animal born in a cage and
your freedom is this final target
[Music]
welcome home
museums were they know where you are
all of them like like you had done that
before
too soon
my idea
he's gone I killed him a long time ago
it's supposed to exist anymore I have to
make sure that they never find us again
step out of the shadows you have worked
so hard to shroud yourself with you
[Music]
there is nothing there for the pain Ouya
is nothing compared to what I've enjoyed
my son
who else knows about me you still don't
understand
who is that
show me
[Music]
this
you will always be and his mind state
[Music]
ooh
are you guys good taking it like this I
don't know you guys usually thank your
money
we're not gonna need your money you've
got more in that box and your father has
made in his entire life you want to risk
it on a drug deal we're taking it all
over you sit here all safe and cozy
risk-free we walk away with three
million
hurry look we can't stake you where are
we going what is the last thing you
remember I don't know what's your name
oh I think swear he's been calling me
let's bring anything back about this
drug dealer oh we took this from dirty
cops trying to kill us
and before we unload it my uncle might
decide it's easier to kill us himself
than clean up the mess he'll open us up
to this you really should
You Don't Know Who I am I'll feel
anything
we know that guy you got an hour tops to
clean up we don't pull the trigger
unless he has the cash anything goes
wrong you're off the hook
[Music]
I'm not off the hook when you're dead
clock is ticking
there is no bone back feel like I'm
running
why
[Music]
the Anthropocene is the time in the
geological record when humans have moved
the planet outside its natural limits
humans go from being participants in the
whole earth to being a dominant feature
dominating the oceans the landscape
agriculture animals there could be a
full-scale catastrophic change
we have not a way to get back we live
now in a different world
it is such a fundamental change in the
way the earth is behaving but we need to
communicate that as powerfully as
possible to everybody
[Music]
you
so good to see you I was afraid you'd
cancel I tell me where we're going
it's very special
we offer our guests a service created
for and by the individual freedom of
choice is our utmost concern and serving
their choice is our aim your living will
take place in six days from now what are
you doing with these people
we're helping them this is a free zone
without the world to judge some things I
wanted to talk about soon I wrote them
down do you want me to sit in this place
in front of this woman and talk about
our childhood you never wanted to talk
about it we should get out of here leave
I'll still do it automatically become a
better person just because you've lived
your life in France experience something
about to survive that's what everything
has always been about you
[Music]
I don't want to be dramatic but it looks
like we're trapped
Jim can you find a way home is so bushel
shaking a little bit
[Music]
water for parents aren't coming to
rescue us because they need someone or
anything is that possible that that
everyone out there isn't so much trouble
but we're more than worse trouble
because we're even here alone I saw
someone yeah never were we he's inside
he knows there are girls here not
playing that game what game whatever it
is here doing there is no man I know
what he's thinking she's brainwashing
them they know what he wants you are a
bad leader and you're never friends
no one needs to be charged when everyone
has a nuts only crazy
[Music]
okay training it shows up with Jana she
was at me better
[Music]
vamos series an episode by V Thomas
Edison a Nahyan relative she's Johnson
pootaroo shall conifer
[Music]
come on if it burned the whole dinner
potatoes oh I bet you didn't reproduce
your husband my alderman per Ola energy
do so many people talk about not even
shots she was I have a tester what is
this is too much did you know I'll say
like yeah mister stupid you do the with
embalmer state or children it's just you
didn't want again
she says I'm gonna hop up whatever
mission tip best shoulder again you like
you because you are again is a little
naughty continues affair
[Music]
but I could to rule a lawyer which you
take supervise them to the generator you
can we
[Music]
what do you recreate assisting Chapel in
this boy's room not all right
you should be knee-deep in a sofa with
some great as eyes wherever he goes I go
whatever you say officer look what's
happening it's hard give you to the
figure
[Music]
let me handle it took my wife dirty cops
where you go I'm gonna kill him it's a
video game grown up man I don't
play video games yeah well maybe you
should try to help you with your
aggression have we seen I'll do anything
for my family this is just
anything as against but bring him to us
and you'll get your wife back
you bet in the hour you're going to jail
you just say stupid all the time
I'm going to show you come on with me
pal
I wanted baktun powers and the remans
detail can you get the out of the
caucus I have pepper spray in my purse I
ever go to my it was kind of confusing
how I wound up taking over the black
market and sex trade of the whole city
we all partied every day like the world
was coming to an end but I threw the
party I was the party we started out
with nothing you've built honest
none of us could stop breaking the law
[Music]
sure everyone else and without paying my
prize no remains of a young lady workout
yesterday morning on these very trucks
this serial killer is hosting videos on
the murders online that sequel was
efficient Islam the streets would
Ramallah life was short now sober I want
to be drunk
[Music]
we're gonna stick together we're gonna
get through this
[Music]
I didn't even care about being in
control of the city anymore for some
reason I just was sometimes call this
white
[Music]
without I began to fade for a good
night's sleep I disappeared from sight
and from memory
eventually you adapt I live a pretty
normal life I have a job
this girl has a sixth sense thank you I
show people as they do and you are hey
why you following those people I'm not
letting you back in wait stay away from
me I can't you're the only person who
can who can what
right I need you to believe me get out
of the street I'm the only guy in the
whole world who can see you
what am I supposed to do with that I
think we're supposed to help each other
[Music]
maybe if I can fix what I broke things
will go back to normal for both of us so
you're just gonna restart my fighting
career and then you got to give me back
with Julie on it I don't think we need
to get you're better than these bigger
fights are you gonna match me up with
better fighters just get me a list I
have some news you're fighting Carlos
Flores how did you pull that off
he looks great out there I want you to
be real the shadow girl if you're trying
to make me jealous Jay what were you
doing with Giuliana she's using you
Holly wait up I care about you Holly
whatever he lost
[Music]
[Applause]
once there was a girl who was invisible
that girl is me we're gonna need a
bigger slingshot
Fred we've discovered a third island we
need to put aside our differences and
work together to save our world from
being destroyed what we really need is a
hero actually that positions been filled
I have to get a team together we're
busting you out silver she's super smart
who's that and why is she all over these
achievement award I just don't think
this is gonna work okay so what I'm
usually angry walk to herself
left-handed probably with fun being
alone
look that doctor okay guys
step one travel undetected to the island
all the gadgets you see here have been
designed with your current mission in
mind first Bing and visit spray how long
does the invisibility last for forever
why Teva we're not gonna be able to see
each other okay so what's the plan trust
me I know working with what we get
[Music]
pinkies challenging this 12 great dance
battle
[Music]
oh it's on Wow I don't know get a fridge
in your back anyone smell bacon
[Music]
hello darkness my old friend
who like that there are other kinds of
trolls our ancestors created six streams
each for different type of music
[Music]
techno
country and rock I'm gonna unite the six
strings and destroy all music except for
so I'm gonna need your string we have to
unite all the trolls and if we don't
stop her who will we're gonna need a
battle plan and weapons violence never
solves a problem is this some kind of
jewel it was actually kind of cool
looking the only weapons we need all
right this guy this guy / hug this is
gonna take a lot of ox
this is a terrible idea that will blow
up in your face the countries look
friendly
does everyone else think this is crazy
[Music]
no honey and daddy
you